<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">
<ui:include src="/include/IncludeHeader.xhtml"></ui:include>

<h:head>

	<style>
html, body {
	height: 100%;
	margin: 0;
	padding: 0;
}

#map {
	height: 100%;
}

.controls {
	margin-top: 10px;
	border: 1px solid transparent;
	border-radius: 2px 0 0 2px;
	box-sizing: border-box;
	-moz-box-sizing: border-box;
	height: 32px;
	outline: none;
	box-shadow: 0 2px 6px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);
}

#pac-input {
	background-color: #fff;
	font-family: Roboto;
	font-size: 15px;
	font-weight: 300;
	margin-left: 12px;
	padding: 0 11px 0 13px;
	text-overflow: ellipsis;
	width: 300px;
}

#pac-input:focus {
	border-color: #4d90fe;
}

.pac-container {
	font-family: Roboto;
}

#type-selector {
	color: #fff;
	background-color: #4d90fe;
	padding: 5px 11px 0px 11px;
}

#type-selector label {
	font-family: Roboto;
	font-size: 13px;
	font-weight: 300;
}
</style>
</h:head>
<body>

	    <p:inputText id="pac-input" style="	margin-top: 10px;
	border: 1px solid transparent;
	border-radius: 2px 0 0 2px;
	box-sizing: border-box;
	-moz-box-sizing: border-box;
	height: 32px;
	outline: none;
	box-shadow: 0 2px 6px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);" type="text" placeholder="Search Box"/>
	<p:spacer></p:spacer>
		<p:gmap id="map" center="41.381542, 2.122893" zoom="15" type="HYBRID" 
			style="width:100px;height:400px" />


	<script>
// This example adds a search box to a map, using the Google Place Autocomplete
// feature. People can enter geographical searches. The search box will return a
// pick list containing a mix of places and predicted search terms.

function initAutocomplete() {
  var map = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById("map"), {
    center: {lat: 41.381542, lng: 2.122893},
    zoom: 15,
    mapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.HYBRID
  });

  // Create the search box and link it to the UI element.
  var input = document.getElementById('pac-input');
  var searchBox = new google.maps.places.SearchBox(input);
  map.controls[google.maps.ControlPosition.TOP_LEFT].push(input);

  // Bias the SearchBox results towards current map's viewport.
  map.addListener('bounds_changed', function() {
    searchBox.setBounds(map.getBounds());
  });

  var markers = [];
  // [START region_getplaces]
  // Listen for the event fired when the user selects a prediction and retrieve
  // more details for that place.
  searchBox.addListener('places_changed', function() {
    var places = searchBox.getPlaces();

    if (places.length == 0) {
      return;
    }

    // Clear out the old markers.
    markers.forEach(function(marker) {
      marker.setMap(null);
    });
    markers = [];

    // For each place, get the icon, name and location.
    var bounds = new google.maps.LatLngBounds();
    places.forEach(function(place) {
      var icon = {
        url: place.icon,
        size: new google.maps.Size(71, 71),
        origin: new google.maps.Point(0, 0),
        anchor: new google.maps.Point(17, 34),
        scaledSize: new google.maps.Size(25, 25)
      };

      // Create a marker for each place.
      markers.push(new google.maps.Marker({
        map: map,
        icon: icon,
        title: place.name,
        draggable : true,
        position: place.geometry.location
      }));

      if (place.geometry.viewport) {
        // Only geocodes have viewport.
        bounds.union(place.geometry.viewport);
      } else {
        bounds.extend(place.geometry.location);
      }
    });
    map.fitBounds(bounds);
  });
  // [END region_getplaces]
}


    </script>
	<script
		src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=AIzaSyDXM9lmEguvVPQD50Jx6Lxl2cVeevCV50Y&amp;libraries=places&amp;callback=initAutocomplete"
		defer="defer"></script>
</body>
</html>